getting the to split the ball shop
and today I'm gonna put together the
army present general Chow chicken
probably wonder how they make this stuff
but I'll show you exactly how to do it I
actually met the general so I know how
to do it and I will be your teacher
today all right with this generals
chicken I recommend using skinless
boneless chicken thighs what you want to
do is you want to cut these up into
bite-size pieces about like that
something like that so I'll go ahead and
they're done
let me about that size right there like
those I'm gonna come back and I get this
chicken cut up and I'll show you the
next step
all right now that we've got our chicken
cut up what we simply want to do and put
it in this bowl here we're gonna
marinate it and what i marinate this in
is simply a quarter cup of just soy
sauce just put that right over there
it's like a lot but this is just
marination folks we're not gonna
actually cook it with all the soy sauce
in it and what you want to do just let
this set aside for about 20 minutes stir
it up there make sure that everything is
thoroughly coated we've come back in
about the 30 minutes after this chicken
is thoroughly marinated and I'll show
you the next step
all right now that our chicken has
marinated we'll do is just give it a
little bit of an egg bath and once I
have covered this an egg I'm just gonna
roll this in some cornstarch it's a
little bit of bready something like that
make sure that it's thoroughly covered
something like that set it over on that
plate and I'll do that with all the
chicken and come back and show you the
next step
all right we've got a two and a half
cups of
cooking oil on all right we've got about
two and a half cups of cooking oil on
high and what we'll do is just ladle in
piece by piece our battered general
choose chicken mixture here and spread
that up so the boughs won't stick
together these up though they're golden
brown the rest of those in there
like such look these cook and I'll show
you the next step right
all right folks we've got our chicken
cooked up nice and golden-brown just put
this on a paper towel let some of the
oil drain off gonna be good there's all
these off of the fire here and then I'm
gonna go to the next shot and show you
folks have put the sauce together for
these you back alright now the next step
is is we're gonna make our sauce and
what we start out with here is just but
a tablespoon of oil
ready
I'll ever use in there
five tiny peppercorns is that a little
stir that's gonna make our sauce into
that will add our spring onions cut up
go ahead label back in our chicken as it
cooks earlier just took this chicken up
with this nice sauce infused with the
separate the whip this go here from that
alright it blend the ball chef we've got
the omnipresent general chose chicken
homemade with the Chinese peppercorns in
it little green sky and that's gonna be
good folks I really appreciate you
watching if you like what you see
doesn't hurt hit that subscribe button
or like one hurt if you don't like it
don't like it but tell me why hey it's
Lynn the ball chef
thanks for watching and as always buon
appetito